[update] About Promscale (#1251)
timescale/docs: promscale/about-promscale.md

for observability data, processes that data and stores it in TimescaleDB. It
also provides an interface to query the data with PromQL. The Promscale
Connector automatically sets up the data structures in TimescaleDB to store the
data and handles changes in those data structures if required for upgrading to
newer versions of Promscale. 

The Promscale Connector is a translator that natively support integrations with OSS
standards such as Prometheus and OpenTelemetry. It includes features that are native
to an observability ecosystem. The Promscale Connector creates schemas to store metrics
and traces. It offers a Prometheus endpoint for metrics reads and writes,

> an OpenTelemetry Protocol endpoint to write traces, and a Jaeger query endpoint to

Reviewer: Otherwise LGTM

> an OpenTelemetry Protocol endpoint to write traces, and a Jaeger query endpoint to

Author: @ramonguiu Can you help in answering the question that @alejandrodnm has?

for observability data, processes that data and stores it in TimescaleDB. It
also provides an interface to query the data with PromQL. The Promscale
Connector automatically sets up the data structures in TimescaleDB to store the
data and handles changes in those data structures if required for upgrading to
newer versions of Promscale. 

> Promscale connector is a translator to natively support integrations with OSS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Promscale connector is a translator that natively support integrations with OSS
```

> standards such as Prometheus, OpenTelemetry and offers features that are native

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
standards such as Prometheus and OpenTelemetry. It includes features that are native
```

> to Observability ecosystem. Promscale connector creates schema to store metrics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to an observability ecosystem. Promscale connector creates schemas to store metrics
```

> to an observability ecosystem. Promscale connector creates schemas to store metrics

Author: Thanks @ramonguiu !!! You can upload the image to s3 and let me know the location, I can update the link in the document.

> to an observability ecosystem. Promscale connector creates schemas to store metrics

Reviewer 3: I don't have permission to upload to S3. Not sure who takes care of that but usually has been handled by the docs team. The new diagram is available here: https://github.com/timescale/promscale#architecture

> to an observability ecosystem. Promscale connector creates schemas to store metrics

Author: Cool!!! No worries @ramonguiu  I can upload it to S3.

> and traces. It offers Prometheus endpoint for metrics reads and writes,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and traces. It offers a Prometheus endpoint for metrics reads and writes,
```

> OpenTelemetry Line Protocol endpoint to write traces, Jaeger query endpoint to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
an OpenTelemetry Line Protocol endpoint to write traces, and a Jaeger query endpoint to
```

query traces. Promscale connector manages the complete lifecycle of data stored
in the database with operations such as compression and retention.

> **TimescaleDB**: the Postgres-based database where all the observability data is
> stored. It offers a full SQL interface for querying the data as well as advanced
> capabilities like analytical functions, columnar compression and continuous
> aggregates. TimescaleDB offers a lot of  flexibility to also store business and
> other types of data that you can then use to correlate with observability data.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Promscale Database**:  the database where all the observability data is stored
that combines PostgreSQL with TimescaleDB and the Promscale extension.
It offers a full SQL interface for querying the data, advanced capabilities like
analytical functions, columnar compression and continuous aggregates as well
as specific performance and query experience improvements for observability
data.
```

TimecaleDB stores the data and offers the TimescaleDB functionalities to the Promscale

> connector. If you have custom metrics data, the data that is not in the format
> of Prometheus data model you can leverage the Promscale's JSON streaming format
> to store data in Promscale. This offers PromQL for querying metrics from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
connector. If you have custom metrics data, that is not in the Prometheus 
data model format, you can use the Promscale JSON streaming format
to store data in Promscale. This offers PromQL for querying metrics from
```

> the connector, SQL querying from database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the connector, and SQL querying from the database.
```
